Past dust
Mom apologizes to you
Mom used to treat you badly
Mom, I'm sorry.
Mom, please save your brother
If your brother becomes a eunuch
He will be wasted in his life
Can't Mom Qian Chen kneel down for you?
Get up quickly
Mom, you won't get up if you don't promise Mom.
Okay, I promise you, okay? Mom Qianchen
Don't worry, your brother and I will treat you well in the future.
Our family's property is half yours
Mom, I don't care about the Yangs
I just wish you had my brother
We can be good people in the future
Don't be the same
Brother, don't worry.
Brother learned this lesson
Go back and be a good person
Please plead with my brother to drink water.
Miss Luo, look
Yang Qianchen, you are still too kind
People like them
The country is easy to change, but this time it is difficult
Don't eat a loss
How can I truly repent?
Miss Luo, I understand what you said
Ok
After all, they are my family
Okay, for the sake of your plea
I'll let Yang Ming go first
Hello cousin
The driver who hit your cousin has been caught
It was Yang Qianfeng who gave the money
Let him directly run you over to death
Yang Qianfeng